Wife
Wake up, it's successful
Uncle Gao, drive to victory immediately
I'm taking my wife to the hospital
You locked up Nan Ge
And set fire to kill him
Mrs. Fang
Why did you send Nan Ge in front of Madam?
Brother Meng Nan seduced Mr. Feng and actually succeeded
divide me
You better hope my wife is okay
Otherwise, the Zhou family can't keep your wife
You are not madam
Brother Yan Chen, how can you marry Brother Song Nan?
He's a pauper
How can I deserve you except for a face?
Wife
You came to save me
I thought I would never see you again, husband
Put me down!
Madam Feng is not you at all
You don't want to give me an explanation?
You made a mistake.
None of my business
shameless
You pretend to be a lady
Are you very proud to see me saddle you?
How dare you hit me!
Teach us to deal with the real lady
It's settled by slapping you
That's how you got us to think ahead
I wanted to stay
What did you do to the lady?
Let go of me Mr. Feng
This woman emerges as a lady
Take the lead in bullying the lady
You can't let him go so easily
Yes, yes, Mr. Feng, you have to vent your anger for Madam
Come